README.md, before:

# FiveThings

The FiveThings App will scrape articles from The Week website and provide the user with the top five news headlines of the week.  The user will be able to choose a headline from the list and read the associated story.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'five_things'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install five_things

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/tbanish/five_things. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the FiveThings project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'bright-writer-4481'/five_things/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

updated usage section of the readme file

README.md, after:

# FiveThings

The FiveThings App will scrape articles from The Week website and provide the user with the top five news headlines of the week.  The user will be able to choose a headline from the list and read the associated story.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'five_things'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install five_things

## Usage

To run this app, type ./bin/five_things into the command from the local directory.

You will be shown a welcome message followed by a list of 5 news headlines for you to choose from.  You will be given the option to either type 1-5 to select an article to read or to type 'e' to exit the program.

Once you select a headline, you will be shown the full article.  After you are finished reading you will be given the option to either view the list of headlines again or to exit the program.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/tbanish/five_things. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the FiveThings project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'bright-writer-4481'/five_things/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
